what up YouTube this is our tricks the
leader and founder WCS and we are doing
our very first ever WCS recruitment
challenge so here's the deal we already
had one team episode and we're going to
do a recruitment challenge we're going
to get some new members and we're going
to do over another episode our second
team episode with some of the new
members so we're gonna have a good
episode hopefully and then we're going
to try and enter the clash of clans
underrated I don't know which one yet
and we're going to try and make it as
far as we possibly can clash of the
clans so um yeah this is just about the
recruitment challenge we're doing GFX
players and editors we really need
editors more than anything but we need
players as well and gfx not so much but
we do also need some GFX that would be
nice to have some as backups but anyways
I originally you see the tabs at the top
the gfx players editors I was going to
put a little tab up there so you could
click it as an annotation you'll bring
you to our google docs but i figured out
you can't put outside websites besides
youtube on there so we can't do that so
in a description i'm going to make links
to the google docs it's going to say GFX
and then some have calling the link to
the google docs on how to get in the gfx
but i'm going to tell you a little about
the players if you want to know about
GFX and editors go to the link in the
description and I'll have a google docs
for each one so you can read about how
to get in but for the players is what
the main thing I'm worrying about right
now just put a capital W and your client
tag and that's about it and just hit
some nasty clips triple feeds in search
or above quad feeds or above and any
other game mode
the killcams have to be good not barrel
stuff range complex a good range i'm not
too far but just medium notnot barrel
stuffs but um the higher the range more
of a chance you got of getting in and we
won't accept any clips without w so all
the clips out to have W in the clan tag
and I hope you guys enjoy the challenge
and I hope you guys hit some dirty clips
with W and your clan tag and good luck
to all of you guys I don't know if I'm
missing anything pretty sure I'm not
just make sure the clips are dirty I'll
have a link for the WCS players
recruitment challenge in the description
too just in case you did not weren't
clear on what I said as of gfx and
editors repeat this again in the
description there'll be a link of the
google docs or both of them on how to
get in but yeah this has been their
tricks and I'm out
you